Product Details - tag8 Dolphin Tracker Pro
EAN No: 0754523280349
HSN Code: 8523
ASIN
SKU Code: Tag8 Dolphin Smart Pro-Black-800058
Title tag8 Dolphin Smart Tracker Pro, Bluetooth Tag to Locate Item in 
Approximate Range, Works with Android & Apple Device, Key, Bag, Phone 
& Wallet Finder, Pack 1, Black
MRP: 1999
Selling Price: 799
Category: Electronics > GPS & Accessories > GPS Trackers

Description:
Find misplaced things easily with the DOLPHIN Tracker Pro. This compact 
luggage tracker for suitcase and other valuables tracks your item’s live 
location and sets off an alert if you are leaving it behind.
No More Misplaced Items
Similar to a GPS tracker, our BLE tracking devices give the live location of 
your valuables when paired with the tag8 Tracker App. So, securing your 
passport, keys, phone, camera, bag and other essentials is a breeze. If the 
smart tracker is out of range, the app provides the last seen location. 
Configure Your Alert Range
Set an alert for your locator tags based on your needs. It goes off on your 
phone and key finders as soon as the smart tags go out of range.
Finding range: 30-60 feet
Alarm Sound: 85dB
Note: The phone and the tracker alarm setting should be ON.
Durable Tags
DOLPHIN is engineered for optimum use. It is waterproof and coated with 
quality adhesive, which sticks firmly on your valuables.
Make Finding Smarter
At tag8, we have adopted technologies ranging from QR Code to BLE and 
GPS location tracking to various applications for securing your valuables. 
Our smart products combine the benefits of security tags & baggage trackers. 
They help safeguard your valuables while making them easy to locate. Track 
your valuables easily with tag8’s DOLPHIN Smart Tracker Pro!

Bullet Points:

- Compact Efficient Smart Tracker - Secure your valuables with our 
tracker device. This (Bluetooth Low Energy) BLE-based pro tracking 
device gives a GPS live location when your mobile device is within 
the tracker’s range. The DOLPHIN tracker app shows the last seen 
location of tag, when out of range.
- Find Lost Item Easily - Use this GPS tracker alternative as 
keychain, baggage and purse locator, wallet tracker, remote finder 
and more. Just pair it with your Android or iPhone device via 
Bluetooth. A separation alert notifies you when your valuables go out 
of range.
- Global Community Search - Mark a missing item as “Lost” to have 
every phone running on the DOLPHIN Tracker app join the search. 
Our smart tag emit a beacon signal, which connects to a DOLPHIN 
Tracker app within range. It updates you on your smart tracker's GPS 
location from the backend without disturbing the user.
- Long Battery Life - No need to replace the battery of your device 
tracker frequently. Our lost things tracker lasts 6-9 months depending 
on usage. Battery standby time lasts 18 months. Replace battery of 
your smart tag by gently pulling the notch (on the side) apart.
- Take Pictures - Our Smart Apple and Android tag make it easy for 
you to take pictures on your phone! This smart tags for luggage, 
phones and wallets has a shutter button. Use the DOLPHIN smart 
tracker tag as a Bluetooth shutter remote by pairing it with your 
phone.

Product Dimensions - Diameter : 36mm
Battery - 1 CR2 batteries required. (included)
Battery Life - 6 Months