Product Details - Smart Passport Tracker (Black) 
EAN No: 787099833992
HSN Code: 8523
ASIN: B08NXMY1VZ
SKU Code: tag8 Passport Tracker Case-Dolphin-RFID-Leather-Black-800027

Title: tag8 Dolphin Smart Passport Case (Black)- Genuine RFID Blocking 
Leather Travel Holder Wallet with Anti-Theft Bluetooth Tracking, 
Separation Alert, Android and Apple Compatible Which Accommodates 2 
Passport, Credit, Debit Card, Money, Boarding Pass & More.
MRP: ₹2799
Selling Price: ₹2155
Category: Bags, Wallets and Luggage > Travel Accessories > Passport Wallets & 
Covers > Passport Covers

Description:
 tag8 Dolphin Passport Case Tracker is a next generation solution that helps 
you find your passport when misplaced and also safeguards from theft, 
including theft of digital data stored in the cards carried in your passport 
case. All this packaged in genuine leather, without sacrificing the style & 
design quotient. Simply pair your phone (IOS or Android) with the tag8 
DOLPHIN Smart Tracker attached to your wallet and "Make Finding 
Smarter". Thereafter, while you are occupied in your pursuits, tag8 ensures 
that your passport is secured. Trusted with over 0.7 million registered 
valuables. Please Download "Dolphin tracker" App on Android or IOS to 
connect the tag8 dolphin Smart tracker.

Bullet Points:
 - tag8 DOLPHIN Smart Tracker - arguably the worlds most compact 
and efficient, Bluetooth tracker with location tracking and Anti-lost 
Separation alarm system
- Separation alarm: Alarm rings on your smart phone & smart tracker 
as soon as your tracker goes out of range
- Bluetooth based GPS tracking in Dolphin Tracker allows the user to 
get live location as long as a tag8 user or a tag8 community user's 
mobile device is in BLE range of the tracker. When not in the BLE 
range, user gets the last seen location.
- Approx. Bluetooth Range Line of sight- 60ft, Non line of sight30ft and Alarm Sound is of 85dB
- Configurable alert range: Set alert range based on your requirement. 
Alert alarm is triggered based on the set range
- Please download "Dolphin tracker" app on Android or iOS to 
connect the tag8 dolphin smart tracker
- RFID protect- safeguard from skimming for digital data, Material: 
Genuine Leather
- 90%+ Recovery Rate, If we cannot recover we reimburse*
- Lifetime Lost and Found service,24×7 Customer Support, Global 
Logistic Support
Material - Genuine Leather
Product Dimensions : 10 x 0.8 x 14 cm; 80 Grams 
Battery - 1 CR2 batteries required. (included)