Product Details - Slim Card Tracker

EAN No	0754523280219
HSN Code	
SKU Code	Dolphin Smart Card-Black-800043
Title	tag8 Dolphin Slim Card Tracker
MRP	
Selling Price	
Category
	
Description:
DOLPHIN Smart Tracker is arguably the World’s most slim, high range and efficient, Bluetooth tracker. You could use DOLPHIN to secure your daily routine valuables such as wallet, phone, key, gadgets, and also to secure your travel items such as passport, bag, and travel organizer. Simply pair your phone (IOS or Android) with the tag8 DOLPHIN Smart Tracker and ‘Make Finding Smarter’. DOLPHIN helps you find you’re valuable when misplaced, or alerts you if you are leaving it behind, or are moving away from you. In case your valuable is out of range, the GPS location last recorded by your phone or any of the tag8’s strong User Community will be available. So, while you are occupied in your pursuits, tag8 ensures that your valuables are secured. Trusted with over 0.7 million registered valuables. Dolphin doubles up to replace a selfie stick; just click it to capture some of your most memorable moments. Please Download App on Android or IOS to connect the tag8 dolphin Smart tracker.

Bullet Points:
-Separation Alarm: Alarm rings on your smart phone & smart tracking device as soon as your tracker goes out of range ( Approx. Bluetooth Range line of sight - 250ft , Non line of sight- 30ft and Alarm Sound is of 98dB).It's also a great gift for friends & family

-Dolphin Card Tracker's BLE-based GPS tracking allows users to get real-time location updates as long as a tag8 user or tag8 community user's mobile device is within BLE range of the tracker. When the user is not within the BLE range, the last visible location is displayed.

-Community Search: If your valuable is lost, activate the "Mark as Lost" feature to have every phone running the "Dolphin tracker" App join in and help you find it.
-Configurable alert range: Set the alert range according to your requirements. The alert alarm is triggered when the set range is exceeded.
-Selfie: DOLPHIN slim Smart tracker comes with shutter button to take a picture

Product Dimensions - ‎11.8 x 10.9 x 0.7 cm; 20 Grams
Battery - 1 Lithium Metal batteries required. (included)
